refactor(content): translate crowdfunding blog entry (#261)
Ocelot-Social-Community/ocelot.social: docs/en/news/2025-11-05-crowdfunding-feature-pinned-posts-in-groups/README.md

<figure class="blog-post-image">
  <img src="/blog/pinned-post-in-group--en.png" alt="Pinned post on group page" />
  <figcaption class="blog-post-image-capture">
    This is what a pinned post on a group page could soon look like (orange frame and banner).
  </figcaption>
</figure>

### Why a crowdfunding?

busFaktor() e.V., the organization behind the free open-source software *ocelot.social*, is a non-profit.
Since it has no commercial interests, the further development of the software is financed solely through volunteer work, donations, membership fees, and contracts from the operators of *ocelot.social* networks to freelance developers.
This includes donations from you.

<!-- markdownlint-disable no-duplicate-heading -->
<DonationBar
  :currentValue="690"
  :target="1200"
  startDate="2025-11-05"
  endDate="2026-01-02"
  asOfDate="2025-11-17"
/>

### Donations

We welcome your donation to:

busFaktor() e.V.
IBAN: DE81 5003 1000 1084 5340 01
BIC: TRODDEF1
Triodos Bank N.V., Germany

Location: 86179 Augsburg, Germany

For the purpose of use, see below.

### Notes on the purpose of use

> Please be sure to include "Donation" and your email address in the purpose of use so that we can contact you. The "@" symbol is not normally possible in bank transfers, so please write it as "at", with a space before and after it and without quotation marks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please be sure to include "Donation" and your e-mail address in the purpose of use so that we can contact you. The "@" symbol is not normally possible in bank transfers, so please write it as " at ", with a space before and after it and without quotation marks.
```
